" Maintainer: DeXin Qi<qdxzzz@gmail.com>
" Last change:	2011 Oct 14
"
" To use it, copy it to
"     for Unix and OS/2:  ~/.vimrc
"	      for Amiga:  s:.vimrc
"  for MS-DOS and Win32:  $VIM\_vimrc
"	    for OpenVMS:  sys$login:.vimrc

" @from example vimrc file
" When started as "evim", evim.vim will already have done these settings.
if v:progname =~? "evim"
  finish
endif

" @from example vimrc file
" Use Vim settings, rather than Vi settings (much better!).
" This must be first, because it changes other options as a side effect.
set nocompatible
syntax on

" @from example vimrc file
" allow backspacing over everything in insert mode
set backspace=indent,eol,start

" set Encoding
set encoding=utf-8
set fileencodings=ucs-bom,utf-8,cp936,gb18030,big5,euc-jp,euc-kr,latin1
set langmenu=zh_CN.UTF-8
language message zh_CN.UTF-8

" 解决中文菜单乱码问题
source $VIMRUNTIME/delmenu.vim
source $VIMRUNTIME/menu.vim

" @from example vimrc file
if has("vms")
  set nobackup		" do not keep a backup file, use versions instead
else
  set backup		" keep a backup file
endif
set history=50		" keep 50 lines of command line history

" set the enviornment variable
if has("win32")
	let $VIMFILES = $VIM.'/vimfiles'
else
	let $VIMFILES = $HOME.'/.vim'
endif



"+++Universal settings++++
set aw
set fdm=indent		" zip code by indent
set foldcolumn=4	" show fold area at left
set guifont=Consolas:h11:cANSI	"set font
set guioptions-=T	" += will show GUI tool bar when -= hide them
set guioptions+=m	" == will show GUI menu bar, when -= hide them
set incsearch		" do incremental searching
set nu			" show line number
set ruler		" show the cursor position all the time
set showcmd		" display incomplete commands
" about text formatting
set autoindent		" auto indent 
set smartindent		" smart indent
set cindent		" c language like indent
set smarttab		" only TAB
set tabstop=4		" Force tabs to be displayed/expanded to 4 spaces
set shiftwidth=4	" When auto-indenting, indent by this much.
set textwidth=80	" auto line feed with 80 chars one line

set guioptions+=b	" temp
" set nowrap

"=========All Key Maps===========
" mapping most recently used files list with <F2>
nmap <F2> :MRU<CR>
" mapping NERD_tree
nmap <F3> <ESC>:NERDTreeToggle<RETURN>
" cleans the search highlights
nmap <silent><F4> :set invhlsearch<CR>
" mapping fast entering current date
" here 'de' = 'de.bat' is a self written bat file
map <silent><F5> !!de<CR>
" mapping fast entering current date with time
map <S-F5> !!ti<CR>
" toggle spelling check [i do not understand how it works]
nmap <silent><f6> :set spell!<cr><bar>:echo "spell check: " . strpart("offon", 3 * &spell, 3)<cr>
" toggle most recently used files
map <F7> :MRU<CR>
" <F8> cannot be mapped, I don't know why
" Map FencView with
map <F9> :FencView<CR>
" mapping editing vimrc with F12
map <F12> :tabnew ~/_vimrc<CR>

" 持久撤销 Persistent Undo
set undofile
set undodir=F:/Program/Vim/pluginNeed/\_undodir
set undolevels=1000	"maximum changes can be undone

" grep settings
:let Grep_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\grep.exe'
:let Fgrep_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\fgrep.exe'
:let Egrep_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\egrep.exe'
:let Agrep_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\agrep.exe'
:let Grep_Find_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\find.exe'
:let Grep_Xargs_Path = 'C:\Program Files\GnuWin32\bin\xargs.exe'



" setting the MRU file location
let MRU_File = 'F:/Program/Vim/pluginNeed/_MRUfile/MRU_Record_file'

" set the number of spelling recommendations
" Tips: z=	open recommendations list
" 	zg	add word to word list
" 	]s	move to next spelling error
" 	[s	move to previous spelling error
 set sps=best,5

" vimwiki
" tips: \ww	opens the main vimwiki
" 	\ws	choose vimwiki space
" 	\w\w	open diary of the day
" 	\w\t	open diary of the day in new split
let g:vimwiki_use_mouse=1
let g:vimwiki_list=[{
	\ 'path': 'F:/vimwiki/main/',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/main/html',
	\ 'diary_link_count': 1},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/vim/',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/vim/html'},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/music',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/music/html'},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/programmer',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/programmer/html'},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/bicycle',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/bicycle/html'},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/Facemeet',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/Facemeet/html'},
	\{'path': 'F:/vimwiki/graduatePaper',
	\ 'path_html': 'F:/vimwiki/graduatePaper/html'}]

" 取消驼峰自动为维基词条
let g:vimwiki_camel_case = 0


"关于tags:
set tags=tags;
set autochdir
filetype plugin on
filetype on
au BufEnter *.txt setlocal ft=txt

"色彩主题:
"colorscheme koehler " set the color scheme
colorscheme BlackSea" set the color scheme

"FencView:
"打开文件时自动识别文件的编码
let g:fencview_autodetect = 0
"在:FencView命令的状态栏显示编码信息等信息
set statusline=[%n]%<%f%y%h%m[%{&fenc!=''?&fenc:&enc}:%{&ff}]%r%=[%b\ 0x%B]\ %l\ of\ %L,%c%V\ Page\ %N\ %P

"VimIM
" Tips: ctrl+6	change selecting style
" 	gi	input with vimim
" 	ctrl+xx	change input method
" 	ctrl+\	toggle input method on/off
"forbid cloud input
let g:vimim_cloud=-1

"@ The following are from exampe vimrc file
" For Win32 GUI: remove 't' flag from 'guioptions': no tearoff menu entries
" let &guioptions = substitute(&guioptions, "t", "", "g")

" Don't use Ex mode, use Q for formatting
map Q gq

" CTRL-U in insert mode deletes a lot.  Use CTRL-G u to first break undo,
" so that you can undo CTRL-U after inserting a line break.
inoremap <C-U> <C-G>u<C-U>

" In many terminal emulators the mouse works just fine, thus enable it.
if has('mouse')
  set mouse=a
endif


" Switch syntax highlighting on, when the terminal has colors
" Also switch on highlighting the last used search pattern.
if &t_Co > 2 || has("gui_running")
  syntax on
  set hlsearch
endif

" Only do this part when compiled with support for autocommands.
if has("autocmd")

  " Enable file type detection.
  " Use the default filetype settings, so that mail gets 'tw' set to 72,
  " 'cindent' is on in C files, etc.
  " Also load indent files, to automatically do language-dependent indenting.
  filetype plugin indent on

  " Put these in an autocmd group, so that we can delete them easily.
  augroup vimrcEx
  au!

  " For all text files set 'textwidth' to 78 characters.
  autocmd FileType text setlocal textwidth=78

  " When editing a file, always jump to the last known cursor position.
  " Don't do it when the position is invalid or when inside an event handler
  " (happens when dropping a file on gvim).
  " Also don't do it when the mark is in the first line, that is the default
  " position when opening a file.
  autocmd BufReadPost *
    \ if line("'\"") > 1 && line("'\"") <= line("$") |
    \   exe "normal! g`\"" |
    \ endif

  augroup END

else

  set autoindent		" always set autoindenting on

endif " has("autocmd")

" Convenient command to see the difference between the current buffer and the
" file it was loaded from, thus the changes you made.
" Only define it when not defined already.
if !exists(":DiffOrig")
  command DiffOrig vert new | set bt=nofile | r # | 0d_ | diffthis
		  \ | wincmd p | diffthis
endif

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Latex-Vim-Suite"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
" Tips: since I haven't install Latex-vim-Suite yet, the setting are commented
" REQUIRED. This makes vim invoke Latex-Suite when you open a tex file.
"""filetype plugin on

" IMPORTANT: win32 users will need to have 'shellslash' set so that latex
" can be called correctly.
"""set shellslash

" IMPORTANT: grep will sometimes skip displaying the file name if you
" search in a singe file. This will confuse Latex-Suite. Set your grep
" program to always generate a file-name.
"""set grepprg=grep\ -nH\ $*

" OPTIONAL: This enables automatic indentation as you type.
"""filetype indent on

" OPTIONAL: Starting with Vim 7, the filetype of empty .tex files defaults to
" 'plaintex' instead of 'tex', which results in vim-latex not being loaded.
" The following changes the default filetype back to 'tex':
"""let g:tex_flavor='latex'
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Latex-Vim-Suite"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

"old version content
"窗口管理
"let Tlist_Show_One_File=1
"let Tlist_Exit_OnlyWindow=1
"let g:winManagerWindowLayout='FileExplorer|TagList'
"nmap mw :WMToggle<cr>

"多文件编辑
"let g:miniBufExplMapCTabSwitchBufs=1
"let g:miniBufExplMapWindowsNavVim=1
"let g:miniBufExplMapwindowNavArrows=1
